Python getting started more updates (#2653)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/instrumentation/python/getting-started.md

---
title: Getting Started
description: Get telemetry for your app in less than 5 minutes!
spelling: cSpell:ignore venv distro rolldice randint 
spelling: cSpell:ignore rollspan loglevel loggingexporter
weight: 1
---

This page will show you how to get started with OpenTelemetry in Python.

You will learn how you can instrument a simple application automatically, in
such a way that [traces][], [metrics][] and [logs][] are emitted to the console.

## Prerequisites

Ensure that you have the following installed locally:

- [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)

## Example Application

> The following example uses a basic [Flaks](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses a basic [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)
```

> application. If you're not using Flask, that's fine — this guide will also work
> with Django, FastAPI
> [and more](/ecosystem/registry/?component=instrumentation&language=python)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application. If you're not using Flask, that's ok — the example also works
with Django, FastAPI, and 
[more](/ecosystem/registry/?component=instrumentation&language=python)
```

In the statement above, what is "more" referring to? More what? Consider adding a word or two to clarify.

Author: Thanks for calling this out, I think this sentence needs to be rephrased entirely, like:

> If you are not using Flask, that's ok — you can use OpenTelemetry with many other popular frameworks like Django or FastAPI as well! You can find a list of supported libraries in the [OpenTelemetry registry](/ecosystem/registry/?component=instrumentation&language=python)

WDYT?

Reviewer: How about this?

> If you are not using Flask, that's ok — you can use OpenTelemetry Python with other web frameworks as well, such as Django and FastAPI. For a complete list of libraries for supported frameworks, see the [regsitry](#).

Author: ```suggestion
application. If you are not using Flask, that's ok — you can use OpenTelemetry Python with other web frameworks as well, such as Django and FastAPI. For a complete list of libraries for supported frameworks, see the [regsitry](https://github.com/ecosystem/registry/?component=instrumentation&language=python).
```

    return randint(1, 6)
```

Run the application with the following command and open
<http://localhost:80800/rolldice> in your web browser to ensure it is working.

> ```console
> $ flask run -p 8080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
flask run -p 8080
```

opentelemetry-instrument \
    --traces_exporter console \
    --metrics_exporter console \
    --logs_exporter console \
    flask run
```

> Open <http://localhost:8080/rolldice> in your web browser and reload the page a
> few times, after a while you should see the spans printed in the console, such
> as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open <http://localhost:8080/rolldice> in your web browser and reload the page a
few times. After a while you should see the spans printed in the console, such
as the following:
```
